docs(react-textarea): Add auto height example and update examples to use Field (#27644)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-textarea/stories/Textarea/TextareaBestPractices.md

### Do

- **Consider using `Textarea` with outline appearance.** When the contrast ratio against the immediate surrounding color is less than 3:1, consider using outline styles which has a bottom border stroke. But please ensure the color of bottom border stroke has a sufficient contrast which is greater than 3 to 1 against the immediate surrounding.

> - Use `<Field>` instead of `<Label>` to handle a11y attributes correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer using `<Field>` instead of `<Label>` to handle accessibility automatically.
```
